---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "freeipa_sudo_rule Resource - freeipa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages FreeIPA Sudo Rules.
---

# freeipa_sudo_rule (Resource)

Manages FreeIPA Sudo Rules.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Sudo rule.

### Optional

- `allow_command_groups` (Set of String) Set of allowed Sudo command groups associated with the rule.
- `allow_commands` (Set of String) Set of allowed Sudo commands associated with the rule.
- `command_category` (String) Command category (e.g. 'all' to apply to all commands, or null).
- `deny_command_groups` (Set of String) Set of denied Sudo command groups associated with the rule.
- `deny_commands` (Set of String) Set of denied Sudo commands associated with the rule.
- `description` (String) Description of the Sudo rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Sudo rule is enabled.
- `groups` (Set of String) Set of user groups associated with the rule.
- `host_category` (String) Host category (e.g. 'all' to apply to all hosts, or null).
- `host_groups` (Set of String) Set of host groups associated with the rule.
- `hosts` (Set of String) Set of host FQDNs associated with the rule.
- `options` (Set of String) Set of Sudo options associated with the rule (e.g. '!authenticate').
- `order` (Number) The evaluation order of the Sudo rule.
- `runas_group_category` (String) RunAs Group category (e.g. 'all' to apply to all RunAs groups, or null).
- `runas_groups` (Set of String) Set of groups the commands can be run as.
- `runas_user_category` (String) RunAs User category (e.g. 'all' to apply to all RunAs users, or null).
- `runas_users` (Set of String) Set of users the commands can be run as.
- `user_category` (String) User category (e.g. 'all' to apply to all users, or null).
- `users` (Set of String) Set of usernames associated with the rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique name of the Sudo rule.
